Update reference-models-in-another-project.md (#4209)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Models/reference-models-in-another-project.md

description: "Use packages to add another project to your dbt project"
sidebar_label: 'Reference models or macros in another project'
id: reference-models-in-another-project
keywords: 
  - project dependency, project dependencies, ref project, dbt mesh, multi-project, mesh, cross-project dependencies
---

> I dbt, you can manage dependencies across multiple dbt projects using:

Author: ```suggestion
In dbt, you can manage dependencies across multiple dbt projects using:
```

> 1. **Packages**: You can import [packages](/docs/build/packages) as a way to add another project to your dbt project, including other projects you've created. When you install a project as a package, you bring in its entire source code, making its macros and models available in your own project.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Packages**: You can install [packages](/docs/build/packages) as a way to add another project to your dbt project, including other projects you've created. When you install a project as a package, you bring in its entire source code, making its macros and models available in your own project.
```

> While this is useful for reusing code and sharing macros, it may not be the best approach for large-scale collaboration, especially in larger organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a useful way to share macros between projects, but is impractical for sharing models at scale because the importing project has to process the full source code of the upstream project.
```

Author: gotcha, thanks for testing that @joellabes ! I've added the lowercase redirect but i don't think there's any other way around it. I'm going to cc @john-rock @JKarlavige or @breezyfasano in case they have more insight?

Author: ok tested it and it worked! thanks @joellabes !

Reviewer 2: Adding a redirect is definitely the quickest fix. I have a task to look into the Vercel URLs to see how we can serve the same page both lower and capital case in URLs. Here's a link to the ticket https://app.asana.com/0/1200099998847559/1205508339405074/f

> While this is useful for code reuse and sharing utility macros, it may not be the best approach for large-scale collaboration, especially in larger organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
While this is useful for reusing code and sharing utility macros, it may not be the best approach for large-scale collaboration, especially in larger organizations.
```

> While this is useful for reusing code and sharing utility macros, it may not be the best approach for large-scale collaboration, especially in larger organizations.

Author: ```suggestion
While this is useful for reusing code and sharing macros, it may not be the best approach for large-scale collaboration, especially in larger organizations.
```

> 2. **Project dependencies**: You can use [project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies) as an exciting way to depend on another project using the metadata service in dbt Cloud. It instantly resolves references to public models defined in other projects. You don't need to execute or analyze these upstream models yourself. Instead, you treat them as an API that returns a dataset. The responsibility for maintaining the quality and stability of these public models lies with their respective maintainers.

Author: can i say 'fills in'?
```suggestion
2. **Project dependencies**: You can use [project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies) as an exciting way to depend on another project using the metadata service in dbt Cloud. It instantly fills in references to public models defined in other projects. You don't need to execute or analyze these upstream models yourself. Instead, you treat them as an API that returns a dataset. The responsibility for maintaining the quality and stability of these public models lies with their respective maintainers.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Project dependencies**: [Project dependencies](/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies) are a superior way to use models from another project. dbt Cloud resolves references to public models defined in other projects, which means that you don't need to execute the upstream models yourself. Instead, you treat them as an API that returns a dataset. The responsibility for maintaining the quality and stability of these public models lies with their respective maintainers.
```

Removed instantly because it's no faster than normal ref resolution, and swapped "exciting" for "superior".

description: "Use packages to add another project to your dbt project"
sidebar_label: 'Reference models or macros in another project'
id: reference-models-in-another-project
keywords: 
  - project dependency, project dependencies, ref project, dbt mesh, multi-project, mesh, cross-project dependencies
---

You Check out the [docs](/docs/build/packages)
for more information!

> I dbt, you can manage dependencies across multiple dbt projects using:

Author: ```suggestion
Im dbt, you can manage dependencies across multiple dbt projects using:
```
